fix:export KeyValue type (#3348)
scaleway/ultraviolet: .changeset/nasty-lobsters-turn.md

---
'@ultraviolet/form': patch
---

> make tooltip properties optional and add a default value to `maxSizeReachedTooltip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In component `KeyValueField`: tooltip properties are now optional and add a default value to `maxSizeReachedTooltip`
```
